Introduction

When I first came into contact with internet and I wondered why in a internet discussion forum is a fixed number of levels (posts, topics, forums and categories). I thought that it would limit the growth of the indivudial site. I later deducted that because of the decentralized nature of the internet this is maybe not an issue. It takes only to create another site to accomodate growth. And another. And link them together in a sensible way. And to the rest of the internet of course.

There are problems with common discussion forums:
    Frequent revival of old topics limits the visiblity of new content. So old topics get closed despite of potentional future better answers. A simple fix for this problem would be to make 2 lists (new content and newly revived content) but we are only dividing the problem in half. I would argue that when we have a list with so much content we should split it to several "folders" - create a new level of content categorization. If the number of folders is too high we should continue to categorize the folders themselves into other folders - effectively creating a tree structure.



I admit, even getting the information of what product is most popular in a given category is often not very straightforward. Google will give exact results for a given product but when you barely comprehend the category of a product not to mention product itself it could take a dozen of searches to get the needed information.

Let's imagine a hypotetical internet discussion forum with unlimited number of levels. A site that could grow practically indefinitely.

Could have this site a place in our decentralized internet? Well, you decide.

#========

We need a map of the internet. We have search engine


I wanted to create a site that will allow people to collaboratively create comparisons between various products, so that I will finally know if Eclipse or Netbeans is more popular and start thinking why...

It was around the time when Youtube added comment ratings and soon enough other websites incorporated various "vote to promote" buttons ala Digg. Even some sites that concentrated to compare products side-by-side (WikiVS), in a feature-table (..., ...) but somehow they did not become massively popular. Why? Probably because the comparisons themselves are meant to be stored somewhere for a long period of time (under a tag or something) or at least findable by google.



Why is it sometimes so hard to to see what products in a given niche are most popular
https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/categories/web_app_frameworks



Hmm Java is very popular. This doesn't seem right. After additional searching I finally realize why.




Ansible vs Salt, Puppet vs Chef? Python vs Ruby? It is good to have options. It even better to know about them.


Digg is good at surfacing great content.
...forefront of finding cultivating and exposing the best of that content...



...where everything may be easily discoverable...